All right guys with this we pretty much have the majority of the application finished as far as features
go.
So this is a big milestone because at this point you can technically upload this project on hosting
which we will cover in one of these advanced lessons.
But I just want to take some time to really congratulate you on finishing your first react project.
Your first big react project now of course there are definitely more optimizations we can make which
we will cover in the upcoming sections but this is a huge milestone moment in your react learning so
at this point I would like to make one or two more optimizations before discussing what the upcoming
lesson structure will be like what we can do is we can make it so that we have our fab Akon as well
as our title inside of our tab so that we match what the final project has.
And in order to do this it's quite easy with create react at all we have to do is go back to our application
and in our code we'll just go to our index HD him out and down here and title you can change it to whatever
you want.
So I'm just gonna name mine the name of the project and then for the actual Fava Co.
It's actually being loaded by this link which we got generated when we initialize our create react project.
Now the great thing about this is that it's naturally going to just figure out how to route to fab contact
Iko which for us is this react icon but we can just replace it with our own icon.
And I have it provided for you as well.
So once you check your resources you'll find a new fab coda Iko.
And then you can just replace the existing one that you have and once we've replaced it if we go back
to our application if we refresh we'll see that we have our new fab icon and our actual title change.
So let's commit our coat and what we can say is get add dash a get commit dash M updating stripe integration
and updating our five Akon.
So now we can just get push this up
OK now I want to take a little bit of time to explain the format of what we're going to learn in the
upcoming lessons and sections so up until this point.
As I mentioned earlier we've pretty much built a solid foundation of understanding the flows and patterns
of writing react and Redux code.
But the ecosystem has other things in it that are either optimizations and improvements upon the patterns
we already know or their other quality of life improvements that we will explore.
So these things include things like putting our CSX in J.S. which is a concept we will cover effective
immediately after we put our website up which is going to be the next lesson.
So the next lesson we're going to actually host our Web site live on Heroku.
But right after that we'll be the advanced optimizations we'll learn things like how to tackle graft
Q out and integrating graphed Q all into our ReACT application using Apollo.
We're also going to cover more advanced redux concepts and then using those concepts we'll be looking
at a new alternative that was provided for us in the newest version of react which is hooks and hooks
are going to be a very interesting optimization because they almost reduce the need for us to use redux
but they are very similar.
So the concepts that we've learned with redux and the practice we've had is still going to be valuable
because conceptually they're pretty much the same things except now it's more integrated into the react
library itself but many companies still use redux because they've already built their applications for
the last two and a half years in redux.
But it's good to know where we can optimize using hooks as well as what problems we can replace redux
with using the new hooks and context API so we'll cover all of these in more advanced sections.
We'll also look at more advanced things we can do with firebase as well as finishing the backend section
of our stripe integration.
And in that section we're actually going to tie in finishing the charge that we get after we fill out
the credit card information in our stripe button integration that we just finished.
So there's a lot of things that we're going to cover in the upcoming sections but now is just a good
time for us to just pat ourselves on the back because we've done so much and the application from a
feature perspective is pretty much good to go.
The next upcoming things are not necessarily just theoretical but they're mainly optimizations to build
upon all the concepts that we've already learned.
Now the next immediate lesson we're going to have is hosting our app on Heroku.
So let's do that.